Megan Fox,"“ Megan Fox told Esquire in 2011, “I have no question in my mind about being bisexual,”Although Megan Fox is now a mother of Noah & Bodhi and the wife of Brian Austin Green, she’s been candid about her feelings towards the same gender. In addition to matter-of-factly proclaiming her bisexuality to Esquire, she famously stated that fellow actress Olivia Wilde “is so sexy, she makes [her] want to strangle a mountain ox with [her] bare hands.” ”"
Angelina Jolie,"“ Angelina Jolie told 20/20 in 2003, ""[I was] surprised when I suddenly found myself having these feelings I always had for men, but for a woman, and wanting to kiss her and wanting to touch her,"" Angelina Jolie’s bisexuality was never a secret. After splitting with her first husband, actor Jonny Lee Miller, the Gia star began seeing model Jenny Shimizu, whom she met on the set of their film Foxfire. In fact, the relationship was so serious that Jolie told Girlfriends magazine in 1997, ""I would probably have married Jenny Shimizu if I hadn't married my husband. I fell in love with her the first second I saw her."" ”"
Miley Cyrus,"“ In Miley's Paper Mag cover story (which arrived with a slew of very NSFW naked pics), she talks about making a huge revelation to her mother, Tish Cyrus, at age 14 -- right around the same time Hannah Montana made its debut.""I remember telling her I admire women in a different way. And she asked me what that meant. And I said, I love them. I love them like I love boys,"" Miley recalled to Paper. ”"
Michelle Rodriguez,"“ The actress came out as bisexual last October 2013 in an interview with Entertainment Weekly. The 'Fast and Furious' star commented,""I've gone both ways. I do as I please. I am too *beep* curious to sit here and not try when I can. Men are intriguing. So are chicks."" ”"
Matt Dallas,“ This former 'Kyle Xy' star started the new year by announcing he’s gay and engaged to Blue Hamilton on Twitter in 2013. ”
Amber Heard,"“ Amber Heard told Metro UK in 2011, “It’s been frustrating as I don’t label myself one way or another—I have had successful relationships with men and now a woman. I love who I love, it’s the person that matters,” After reevaluating her role in the media, Amber Heard knew that she didn’t want to remain part of the problem. Heard, who had been seen actively protesting Prop 8, came out at the 25th Anniversary GLAAD celebration in 2010 to raise awareness of gay Americans searching for equality. She walked down the red carpet with her girlfriend, photographer Tasya van Ree, whom she had been dating since 2008. Now the gossip rags are saying that she's with Johnny Depp. ”"
Cara Delevingne,"“ ""I'm young, I'm having fun, I don't want to pretend to be something I'm not,"" the blonde stunner explained. ""So I don't really care on that matter. People can say what they want, but I'm having a good time. I know what people are doing who are my age; I just think it would be a lie to pretend that I'm not having a good time.""She added she feels more comfortable around women than men because she feels guys just want to have sex with her. ”"
Matt Bomer,"“ He has two kids with his long-term partner, but fans of the actor always seem to be surprised when learning that he’s gay. ”"
Jonathan Bennett,"“ ""Dancing With The Stars"" judge Julianne Hough was discussing ""Mean Girls"" star and DWTS contestant Jonathan Bennett on ""Extra"" with host Mario Lopez.""[Bennett] tweeted me last year and said, like, I had a nice butt, but he also tagged my trainer,"" she said. ""And so I was like, 'Oh, he's hitting on me. I should try to go on a date with him.'""""What happened?"" Lopez asked.""He's gay,"" Hough responded. ""So, I was like, that's not gonna work."" ”"
Lindsay Lohan,"“ Lindsey Lohan told Harper's Bazaar in 2008, ""Maybe. Yeah. . . I don't want to classify myself. First of all, you never know what's going to happen tomorrow, in a month, a year from now, five years from now. I appreciate people, and it doesn't matter who they are, and I feel blessed to be able to feel comfortable enough with myself that I can say that,” It’s been rumored that Lindsay Lohan has had a decorated history of dating and fooling around with other women, namely Courtenay Semel, Vanessa Minnillo and Paris Hilton. The only relationship Lindsay’s ever confirmed, however, was with DJ Samantha Ronson. Lohan personally confirmed it on Loveline after she said that they had been dating for “a very long time.” The two officially split in 2009. ”"
Anna Paquin,"“ Anna Paquin told Zooey in 2012, ""I'm sure for some people saying they’re bisexual feels less scary than making a statement that they're gay. For me, it’s not really an issue because I’m someone who believes being bisexual is actually a thing. It’s not made up. It’s not a lack of decision. It’s not being greedy or numerous other ignorant things I’ve heard at this point. For a bisexual, it’s not about gender. That’s not the deciding factor for who they’re attracted to,” In 2010, Paquin came out in “Give a Damn,"" a PSA for True Colors First, a gay rights organization, to help promote equality and anti-bullying. At the time, Paquin was engaged to her current husband, Stephen Moyer, but her coming out wasn’t a surprise to those close to her. Paquin, who normally keeps her personal life private, stated that she decided to proclaim her sexuality in the PSA to shed light on the issues she really cares about. ”"
Ricky Martin,"“ Latin superstar Ricky Martin has revealed he's finally happy in a relationship, in his first interview since coming out as a gay man.The 38-year-old Puerto Rican superstar looked happier than ever as he told Oprah Winfrey about his new love, and life with his toddler twins Matteo and Valentino.'I am in a relationship right now, it feels amazing,' he said during Tuesday's tell-all.'I'm in a very beautiful relationship. Love happens when you least expect it. I wasn't looking for it in any way, shape or form. ”"
Billie Joe Armstrong,"“ Billie Joe Armstrong has identified himself as bisexual, saying in a 1995 interview with The Advocate, ""I think I've always been bisexual. I mean, it's something that I've always been interested in. I think people are born bisexual, and it's just that our parents and society kind of veer us off into this feeling of 'Oh, I can't.' ”"
Kesha,"“ In the February 2013 issue of Seventeen, Ke$ha expresses her deepest emotions on topics such as attraction and bullying. We love the singer’s new, softer look for the shoot, (and the fluffy kitten she’s posing with is also adorable!).Ke$ha speaks openly about what she finds attractive inside the mag, saying, “I don’t love just men. I love people. It’s not about a gender. It’s just about the spirit that exudes from that other person you’re with.” ”"
Neil Patrick Harris,"“ How I Met Your Mother actor Neil Patrick Harris has revealed that it was a friendly kiss from Burt Reynolds that cemented the realisation that he was gay.Harris, 41, is also a singer and director and shot to fame as a pre-teen. He can most recently be seen alongside Ben Affleck in new release Gone Girl  (2014).In his brand new memoir, Choose Your Own Autobiography, Harris, who is now a married father-of-two with David Burtka, describes the journey of acceptance for both him and his loved ones.As reported by the Daily Mail, the book grapples with the years Harris spent coming to terms with his sexuality, during which he told people he was bisexual before revealing his is gay.“After a long internal journey, you now embrace being gay, recognising it as a wonderful and integrally important component part of the totality that is you,” he writes. ”"
Fergie,"“ Black Eye Peas singer Fergie, currently married to hunky Josh Duhamel, has admitted to lesbian experiences in her past. ”"
Lady Gaga,"“ Recently the pop singer told Andy Cohen that she has taken ""a few dips in the lady pond."" She also previously revealed that her hit ""Poker Face"" is about her bisexual identity. ”"
Adam Lambert,"“ Amid much speculation, Adam Lambert told Rolling Stone he is gay shortly after American Idol concluded last year. Despite his second-place finish, even eventual winner Kris Allen conceded Lambert deserved to win, calling him ""one of the most gifted performers that I've ever met."" ”"
Jodie Foster,"“ Jodie Foster: The Silence Of The Lambs star, who long stayed mum about her oft-speculated sexual preferences, went public with her sexuality in 2007, thanking her longtime partner Cydney Bernard in a speech at a Hollywood function. The couple lives in Malibu, where they’re raising two boys. ”"
Chris Colfer,"“ Chris Colfer plays flamboyant student Kurt Hummel on Fox’s hit show Glee, and just like his character, in real life, he is openly gay. Colfer – who won a Golden Globe and has been nominated for two Emmys for his role"
