Megan Fox,"“ Megan Fox told Esquire in 2011, “I have no question in my mind about being bisexual,”Although Megan Fox is now a mother of Noah & Bodhi and the wife of Brian Austin Green, she’s been candid about her feelings towards the same gender. In addition to matter-of-factly proclaiming her bisexuality to Esquire, she famously stated that fellow actress Olivia Wilde “is so sexy, she makes [her] want to strangle a mountain ox with [her] bare hands.” ”"
Angelina Jolie,"“ Angelina Jolie told 20/20 in 2003, ""[I was] surprised when I suddenly found myself having these feelings I always had for men, but for a woman, and wanting to kiss her and wanting to touch her,"" Angelina Jolie’s bisexuality was never a secret. After splitting with her first husband, actor Jonny Lee Miller, the Gia star began seeing model Jenny Shimizu, whom she met on the set of their film Foxfire. In fact, the relationship was so serious that Jolie told Girlfriends magazine in 1997, ""I would probably have married Jenny Shimizu if I hadn't married my husband. I fell in love with her the first second I saw her."" ”"
Miley Cyrus,"“ In Miley's Paper Mag cover story (which arrived with a slew of very NSFW naked pics), she talks about making a huge revelation to her mother, Tish Cyrus, at age 14 -- right around the same time Hannah Montana made its debut.""I remember telling her I admire women in a different way. And she asked me what that meant. And I said, I love them. I love them like I love boys,"" Miley recalled to Paper. ”"
Michelle Rodriguez,"“ The actress came out as bisexual last October 2013 in an interview with Entertainment Weekly. The 'Fast and Furious' star commented,""I've gone both ways. I do as I please. I am too *beep* curious to sit here and not try when I can. Men are intriguing. So are chicks."" ”"
Matt Dallas,“ This former 'Kyle Xy' star started the new year by announcing he’s gay and engaged to Blue Hamilton on Twitter in 2013. ”
Amber Heard,"“ Amber Heard told Metro UK in 2011, “It’s been frustrating as I don’t label myself one way or another—I have had successful relationships with men and now a woman. I love who I love, it’s the person that matters,” After reevaluating her role in the media, Amber Heard knew that she didn’t want to remain part of the problem. Heard, who had been seen actively protesting Prop 8, came out at the 25th Anniversary GLAAD celebration in 2010 to raise awareness of gay Americans searching for equality. She walked down the red carpet with her girlfriend, photographer Tasya van Ree, whom she had been dating since 2008. Now the gossip rags are saying that she's with Johnny Depp. ”"
Cara Delevingne,"“ ""I'm young, I'm having fun, I don't want to pretend to be something I'm not,"" the blonde stunner explained. ""So I don't really care on that matter. People can say what they want, but I'm having a good time. I know what people are doing who are my age; I just think it would be a lie to pretend that I'm not having a good time.""She added she feels more comfortable around women than men because she feels guys just want to have sex with her. ”"
Matt Bomer,"“ He has two kids with his long-term partner, but fans of the actor always seem to be surprised when learning that he’s gay. ”"
Jonathan Bennett,"“ ""Dancing With The Stars"" judge Julianne Hough was discussing ""Mean Girls"" star and DWTS contestant Jonathan Bennett on ""Extra"" with host Mario Lopez.""[Bennett] tweeted me last year and said, like, I had a nice butt, but he also tagged my trainer,"" she said. ""And so I was like, 'Oh, he's hitting on me. I should try to go on a date with him.'""""What happened?"" Lopez asked.""He's gay,"" Hough responded. ""So, I was like, that's not gonna work."" ”"
Lindsay Lohan,"“ Lindsey Lohan told Harper's Bazaar in 2008, ""Maybe. Yeah. . . I don't want to classify myself. First of all, you never know what's going to happen tomorrow, in a month, a year from now, five years from now. I appreciate people, and it doesn't matter who they are, and I feel blessed to be able to feel comfortable enough with myself that I can say that,” It’s been rumored that Lindsay Lohan has had a decorated history of dating and fooling around with other women, namely Courtenay Semel, Vanessa Minnillo and Paris Hilton. The only relationship Lindsay’s ever confirmed, however, was with DJ Samantha Ronson. Lohan personally confirmed it on Loveline after she said that they had been dating for “a very long time.” The two officially split in 2009. ”"
Anna Paquin,"“ Anna Paquin told Zooey in 2012, ""I'm sure for some people saying they’re bisexual feels less scary than making a statement that they're gay. For me, it’s not really an issue because I’m someone who believes being bisexual is actually a thing. It’s not made up. It’s not a lack of decision. It’s not being greedy or numerous other ignorant things I’ve heard at this point. For a bisexual, it’s not about gender. That’s not the deciding factor for who they’re attracted to,” In 2010, Paquin came out in “Give a Damn,"" a PSA for True Colors First, a gay rights organization, to help promote equality and anti-bullying. At the time, Paquin was engaged to her current husband, Stephen Moyer, but her coming out wasn’t a surprise to those close to her. Paquin, who normally keeps her personal life private, stated that she decided to proclaim her sexuality in the PSA to shed light on the issues she really cares about. ”"
Ricky Martin,"“ Latin superstar Ricky Martin has revealed he's finally happy in a relationship, in his first interview since coming out as a gay man.The 38-year-old Puerto Rican superstar looked happier than ever as he told Oprah Winfrey about his new love, and life with his toddler twins Matteo and Valentino.'I am in a relationship right now, it feels amazing,' he said during Tuesday's tell-all.'I'm in a very beautiful relationship. Love happens when you least expect it. I wasn't looking for it in any way, shape or form. ”"
Billie Joe Armstrong,"“ Billie Joe Armstrong has identified himself as bisexual, saying in a 1995 interview with The Advocate, ""I think I've always been bisexual. I mean, it's something that I've always been interested in. I think people are born bisexual, and it's just that our parents and society kind of veer us off into this feeling of 'Oh, I can't.' ”"
Kesha,"“ In the February 2013 issue of Seventeen, Ke$ha expresses her deepest emotions on topics such as attraction and bullying. We love the singer’s new, softer look for the shoot, (and the fluffy kitten she’s posing with is also adorable!).Ke$ha speaks openly about what she finds attractive inside the mag, saying, “I don’t love just men. I love people. It’s not about a gender. It’s just about the spirit that exudes from that other person you’re with.” ”"
Neil Patrick Harris,"“ How I Met Your Mother actor Neil Patrick Harris has revealed that it was a friendly kiss from Burt Reynolds that cemented the realisation that he was gay.Harris, 41, is also a singer and director and shot to fame as a pre-teen. He can most recently be seen alongside Ben Affleck in new release Gone Girl  (2014).In his brand new memoir, Choose Your Own Autobiography, Harris, who is now a married father-of-two with David Burtka, describes the journey of acceptance for both him and his loved ones.As reported by the Daily Mail, the book grapples with the years Harris spent coming to terms with his sexuality, during which he told people he was bisexual before revealing his is gay.“After a long internal journey, you now embrace being gay, recognising it as a wonderful and integrally important component part of the totality that is you,” he writes. ”"
Fergie,"“ Black Eye Peas singer Fergie, currently married to hunky Josh Duhamel, has admitted to lesbian experiences in her past. ”"
Lady Gaga,"“ Recently the pop singer told Andy Cohen that she has taken ""a few dips in the lady pond."" She also previously revealed that her hit ""Poker Face"" is about her bisexual identity. ”"
Adam Lambert,"“ Amid much speculation, Adam Lambert told Rolling Stone he is gay shortly after American Idol concluded last year. Despite his second-place finish, even eventual winner Kris Allen conceded Lambert deserved to win, calling him ""one of the most gifted performers that I've ever met."" ”"
Jodie Foster,"“ Jodie Foster: The Silence Of The Lambs star, who long stayed mum about her oft-speculated sexual preferences, went public with her sexuality in 2007, thanking her longtime partner Cydney Bernard in a speech at a Hollywood function. The couple lives in Malibu, where they’re raising two boys. ”"
Chris Colfer,"“ Chris Colfer plays flamboyant student Kurt Hummel on Fox’s hit show Glee, and just like his character, in real life, he is openly gay. Colfer – who won a Golden Globe and has been nominated for two Emmys for his role"
Charlie Carver,"The Teen Wolf actor started 2016 with a bang, coming out in an Instagram post in January. “So now, let the record show this: I self-identify as gay,” he wrote. “I owe it to myself, more than anything, to be who I needed when I was younger,” he wrote in a message that spanned five different posts.      He admitted he worried being out would “be limiting myself to a type, to a perception with limits that I was not professionally comfortable with,” but, with some guidance, realized that didn’t have to be the case. He closed out his note with a nod to bro Max: “Let the record show my twin brother is just as cool for being straight.”"
Kristen Stewart,"Stewart and Twilight co-star Robert Pattinson were one of Hollywood’s power couples in the mid-2000s. But she’s been dating Alicia Cargile since July, telling Elle UK, “Right now, I’m just really in love with my girlfriend.” “To hide this provides the implication that I’m not down with it or I’m ashamed of it,” she added, “so I had to alter how I approached being in public. It opened my life up and I’m so much happier.”"
Aubrey Plaza,"Plaza, a.k.a. April Ludgate on Parks and Recreation, came out as bisexual in an Advocate interview from July. Commenting on her “masculine” energy,” she said, “Girls are into me—that’s no secret. Hey, I’m into them, too. I fall in love with girls and guys. I can’t help it.”  The 32-year-old actress credited having gay relatives—including her aunt, uncle and sister—with teaching her early on that it was okay “to stand out and let your freak flag fly.”"
Trey Pearson,"Pearson, frontman of the Christian rock band Everyday Sunday, came out in May, publishing an open letter to fans about how his decision to live openly relates to his faith. “I never wanted to be gay,” he wrote. “I was scared of what God would think and what all of these people I loved would think about me; so it was never an option for me.” He described how he married his wife, Lauren, believing he could simply will his homosexuality away.    ABC   “Trying not to be gay, has only led to a desire for intimacy in friendships which pushed friends away, and it has resulted in a marriage where I couldn’t love or satisfy my wife in a way that she needed.” (The two are now close friends.)  He said he’s come out publicly to help foster change in the church.  “It’s not just me,” he added. “There are millions of people going through what I’m going through right now.”"
"","Shepard Smith has been with Fox News since it launched 20 years ago, but it’s only now that he is acknowledging he is a gay man at the country’s most conservative television channel.  In October, Smith denied former Fox News chairman Roger Ailes prevented him from coming out before. “That’s not true. He was as nice as he could be to me,” Smith said. “I loved him like a father.”  In 2014, Gawker reported Shepard wanted to come out publicly but Ailes stopped him. “Shep wanted to and was ready to come out, and Roger just said ’no.’”"
Bella Thorne,"The 18-year-old former Disney star might have set a record for shortest coming out annoucement. After a Snapchat surfaced of her kissing Bella Pendergast went viral, a fan asked “are you bisexual?” on Twitter. Her reply? “Yes.”"
Colton Haynes,"After dancing around the issue with some coy social media messages, 27-year-old Haynes came out in a May interview with EW. “People want you to be that GQ image that you put out, but people don’t realize what it’s like to act 24 hours a day. I’d go home and I was still acting,” he said.     Instagram   “People who are so judgmental about those who are gay or different don’t realize that acting 24 hours a day is the most exhausting thing in the world.” The actor, who has grappled with anxiety and depression, revealed that he was told his father committed suicide after he heard Haynes was gay."
Lilly Wachowski,"One half of the acclaimed filmmaking Wachowski siblings (Bound, The Matrix trilogy, Sense8),  Lilly came out as a trans woman in March, four years after her sister Lana had done the same.      Lilly’s acknowledgement, however, was predicated by media outlets threatening to out her against her will. “I knew at some point I would have to come out publicly,” she explained in a statement.  “You know, when you’re living as an out transgender person it’s… kind of difficult to hide. I just wanted—needed some time to get my head right, to feel comfortable. But apparently I don’t get to decide this.” Nick Adams, GLAAD’s Director of Programs for Transgender Media, insisted “journalists must learn that it is unacceptable to out a transgender person, in the same way it is unacceptable to out a person who is gay, lesbian, or bisexual.” The Wachowski’s most recent project, Sense8, presented a broad spectrum of gender and sexuality. It returns in December."
Javier Raya,"The Olympic figure skater came out as gay with the help of some Instagram PDA: the 25-year-old Spaniard, who competed at the Sochi Games, posted a photo of him kissing his boyfriend.     Instagram   The accompanying caption read “Many of you know, others can imagine by the pictures and others will be surprised, but I have to say that right now I feel like the luckiest person in the world!”"
Sara Ramirez,"Less than a week before National Coming Out Day, the Grey’s Anatomy actress came out as bisexual during an speech at the True Colors: 40 to None Summit on LGBT youth homelessness.  “Because of the intersections that exist in my own life: Woman, multi-racial woman, woman of color, queer, bisexual, Mexican-Irish American, immigrant, and raised by families heavily rooted in Catholicism on both my Mexican and Irish sides,” she said, “I am deeply invested in projects that allow our youth’s voices to be heard.”"
Robin Lord Taylor,"The Gotham actor had kept a low profile about his personal life until this June, when he tweeted in celebration of his fifth wedding anniversary to his husband.      Sadly, while got many well wishes, he also got some ugly remarks. That those remarks came just days after the horrific tragedy in Orlando made it all the harder to stomach."
Justine Greening,"Greening, Education Secretary under British PM Theresa May, came out during London Pride, tweeting “Today’s a good day to say I’m in a happy same-sex relationship. I campaigned for ’Stronger In’ but sometimes you’re better off out! #Pride2016”  Greening was previously Secretary of State for International Development and became the first out cabinet minister in the UK. Her announcement received an outpouring of love from constituents and colleagues, including former Prime Minister David Cameron and Chancellor George Osborne.  Greening’s announcement fit in perfectly with Pride London’s theme of “No Filter.”"
Elizabeth Gilbert,"Earlier this year Gilbert, the celebrated author of Eat, Pray, Love, announced her relationship with Brazilian businessman José Nunes—called “Felipe” in the 2006 memoir—was over.  She’d fallen in love with a woman: Syrian-born filmmaker Rayya Elias, a longtime friend recently diagnosed with pancreatic and liver cancer.     Facebook   “Death—or the prospect of death—has a way of clearing away everything that is not real,” she wrote on Facebook, “and in that space of stark and utter realness, I was faced with this truth: I do not merely love Rayya; I am in love with Rayya. And I have no more time for denying that truth.” She chose to go public with the relationship—and Elias’ diagnosis—because she needed to live in truth “even more than I need privacy, or good publicity, or prudence, or other people’s approval or understanding.”"
Michael Carbonaro,"The star of Another Gay Movie was never in the closet, per se, but he never addressed his sexuality, either—until an interview in Out magazine this spring, which identified the host of tru TV’s Carbonaro Effect as an “openly gay, Long Island-born trickster.” Asked if magic ever helped him get a date with a cute guy, he replied, “Honestly, if it weren’t for hypnotism, I probably would have never lost my virginity.” Carbonaro quickly added, “I’m kidding, of course. That comes off a little creepy.”"
Brian Anderson,"The legendary skateboarder spoke about his sexuality for the first time in on an episode of Vice Sports’ Reda for the World with Giovanni Reda. “People ask, ’Why are you doing this now and not earlier?'” he confessed. “Because I was pretty freaked out, you know what I mean? I was really scared, and people would have perceived it a lot differently, I think, had I said this 15 years ago.”    Ed Templeton   Anderson was able to slip by because he was, in his words “a big, tough skateboarder,” adding his fellow skaters “weren’t gonna question that… Nobody thought anything.” He says carrying the secret of his sexuality may have pushed him to take more risks on his board. “A part of me was so irritated and angry from holding that in so it made me more of an animal on my skateboard.”"
Elena Delle Donne,"As if playing in the Olympics this summer wasn’t exciting enough, 26-year-old WNBA champ Elena Delle Donne came out to Vogue magazine, announcing her engagement to girlfriend Amanda Clifton.  “They came into my home, spent a couple days with me—and [my fiancee] Amanda is a huge part of my life,” said Delle Donne, an MVP with the Chicago Sky. “To leave her out wouldn’t have made any sense. It’s not a coming out article or anything. I’ve been with her for a very long time now, and people who are close to me know that, and that’s that.”"
Victor Gutierrez,"This 25-year-old water polo player from Spain discussed his sexuality for the first time publicly in an interview with Shangay magazine.  “I’m out of the closet in my environment,” said Victor Gutierrez, one of at least 48 out athletes at the Rio Games. “My family knows I’m gay, my friends too. And I’m living in such a positive way with my sexuality that I felt a responsibility to share it with others.” He’s never been judged on anything but his performance, but says anti-gay attacks are an issue in his hometown of Madrid. “It is a reality that we live in.”"
Lauren Jauregui,"During the presidential campaign, Fifth Harmony’s Lauren Jauregui criticized Donald Trump’s politics, blasted his supporters’ ignorance and announced “I am a bisexual Cuban-American woman and I am so proud of it.”"
Brandon Flynn,"In September, the 13 Reasons Why actor identified himself as part of the LGBT community in an Instagram post. Addressing a pilot who had written “Vote No” in skywriting over Sydney during the survey on marriage equality in Australia, Flynn wrote, “Too many of my friends have been kicked out of their homes, kept in the closet, beat up, killed, ridiculed by church and state, institutionalized. And you are scared that if we vote YES, you won’t be able to show your hate for us. Fuck that.” “We’ve fought, we’ve come out bravely even in our fear, and you wrote a message in the sky because you’re scared,” he added. “Equality takes courage, it worries me that too many people in this world lack the balls to stand up for what is right.” Since then, the 23-year-old has been seen getting close with Grammy-winning singer Sam Smith."
Alia Shawkat,"The Arrested Development star came out casually in a May interview with Out magazine.  “I was a tomboy growing up, and I remember my mom asking me when I was 10, ’Are you attracted to boys or girls?’ I said I don’t know,” . Now I consider myself bisexual, and I think balancing my male and female energies has been a big part of me growing as an actor.” She admits that she used to more reserved, “but as a woman, an Arab-American, and a member of the LGBTQ community, I have to use whatever voice I have. There’s no more delicacy in being quiet.”"
Aaron Carter,"In August, the former child star came out as bi in an emotional message on Twitter. “I grew up in this entertainment industry at a very young age and when I was around 13-years-old I started to find boys and girls attractive,” he wrote. “There were years that went by that I thought about, but it wasn’t until I was 17-years-old, after a few relationships with girls, I had an experience with a male that I had an attraction to who I also worked with and grew up with.” Carter insisted his sexuality wasn’t a source of shame for him, but the secret it was “a burden I have held onto for a long time that I would like lifted off me.”"
Thomas Dekker,"The Heroes actor came out in July in an Instagram post where he declared, “I am indeed a man who proudly loves other men. In fact, this April, I married my husband and I could not be happier.”  But in the same post, Dekker blamed “a prominent gay man” for trying to out him. “My sexual orientation once again came into question this week when a prominent gay man used an awards acceptance speech to ‘out’ me,” he wrote. “While he did not mention me by name, the explicit details of his reference made it easy for the public and media to connect the dots.”  It’s believed Dekker was referring to Heroes producer Bryan Fuller, who had recently discussed the difficulty he had in introducing a gay character on the show. As recently as 2011, Dekker told Out, “I’ve only really had relationships with women.”"
Dan Amboyer,"The hunky Younger actor came out to People magazine in October, explaining it was his recent marriage to boyfriend Eric Beric that fueled his desire to be more open.  “I want to live my life moving forward with integrity and pride,” the 31-year-old said. “We might start a family one day and I would feel so strangely if I didn’t celebrate that with all of my family and friends and share that with the fans. This is just the beginning of a wonderful future.” Amboyer admitted that he got a lot of advice from industry insiders to stay closeted. “That was hard to live with,” he said. “But I’ve never played a gay role before and I didn’t want to be limited by some strange perception.”"
Anthony Bowen,"Pro wrestler Anthony Bowens came out as bisexual in March, crediting a YouTube video for giving him the courage to be his authentic self.  Several months into dating boyfriend Michael Pavano, the two participated in YouTube’s “laughing challenge,” in participants take a big swig of water before watching funny clips and trying not to do a spit-take. At the beginning of the video, Pavano casually introduced Bowens as “my boyfriend.” “The video was a blast to do, but I worried that someone from the wrestling world would stumble across it and learn my secret,” Bowens said. “I decided to let it be posted anyway. I couldn’t help but cry as I let loose all of the years of stress, anxiety and fear of judgment. It was the best decision I had ever made.” Several months later, in an interview on Party Foul Radio with Pollo & Pearl, he admitted he was fed up with bi stigma. “I thought there would be more negativity around the stigma of [a pro wrestler] being part of the LGBT community,” Bowens revealed, but most of the negative comments were from people assuming he was too scared to admit he was gay. “You can date a dude or marry a dude and be with him the rest of your life, and that doesn’t change the attraction,” he said. “The LGBTQ community comes in all shapes and sizes.”"
Jordan Gavaris,"Gavaris plays gay BFF Felix on Orphan Black, but it wasn’t until June that the 27-year-old came out as gay in real life. “Nobody ever asks me,” he revealed. “I’ve never been asked. Like, the whole course of the series.”  “This is a tricky thing to say and I’ve never actually said it out loud before,” he added. “But I do believe that jobs will be lost and I do believe jobs will be gained. Maybe not even for the right reasons.”"
Gavin Russom,"LCD Soundsystem’s resident electronics whiz came out as trans in July, explaining that over the past year-and-a-half, “I went from my trans identity being something I was in touch with and worked through in one way or another, to suddenly this shift where it’s on the front burner.  She added, “Now it’s time to become a whole person.”"
Greydon Chance,"Now 19, Chance became a viral sensation with his performance of Lady Gaga’s “Paparazzi” at a school talent show when he was just 12.  In an Instagram from July, the singer said he had come to terms with being gay when he was 16 but “decided not to publicize my sexuality largely due to a matter of privacy, as I was still trying to find comfort and confidence within my own skin.” While he maintained he was less interested in talking about “what type of guy I was into” than talking about politics, music or art, he “figured now was the time to let a few more friends know that I am happy, I am here for you, and I am proud of who I am.” After his Internet fame, Chance signed to Ellen DeGeneres’ ElevenEleven label and released a debut EP, Somewhere Over My Head, in May 2016."
Brian Michael Smith,"Smith, who played cis male roles on shows like Blue Bloods, Girls, Person of Interest, and Gossip Girl, came out as transgender when he appeared on an episode of OWN’s Queen Sugar in July, playing police officer Toine Wilkins, a trans man.  “When I saw the breakdown for Toine, I felt this was the role I was looking for,” said Smith, 34. “It was a dream come true in so many ways.”"
Sue Bird,"This veteran NBA player didn’t just come out in a July ESPN profile, she revealed she was dating soccer star Megan Rapinoe.  “I’m gay. Megan’s my girlfriend,” said the Seattle Storm point guard matter-of-factly. “These aren’t secrets to people who know me. I don’t feel like I’ve not lived my life. I think people have this assumption that if you’re not talking about it, you must be hiding it, like it’s this secret. That was never the case for me.”"
Shepard Smith,"The longtime Fox News anchor came out in a subtle way just days after National Coming Out Day 2016.  As the Roger Ailes scandal swirled, Smith denied that the embattled network head forced him to stay in the close. ’That’s not true. He was as nice as he could be to me. I loved him like a father,’ said the 52-year-old newscaster. Back in 2014, Gawker reported Shepard wanted to come out publicly but Ailes stopped him. Smith denied the claim, as well as reports that Ailes made homophobic remarks in his presence.  “He treated me with respect, just respect. He gave me every opportunity in the world and he never asked anything of me but that we try to get it right every day.”"
Jake Zyrus,"Before coming out as trans on Twitter, Jake was best known as Sunshise Corazon, Rachel Berry’s golden-voiced nemesis on Glee.  “My first tweet as Jake,” he tweeted on June 19. “Overwhelmed. Saw all your love comments and I’m so happy. Finally. I love you, everyone, and see you soon.” A powerhouse vocalist from the Philippines, Zyrus rose to Youtube stardom in 2007. Three years later he became the first Asian solo singer to hit Billboard 200’s Top 10, with the album Charice. Zyrus first acknowledged his gender identity in a 2014 interview with Oprah, in which he said his “soul was male,” though at the time he still identified as a lesbian."
Natalie Morales,"Morales, best known for playing Tom Haverford’s girlfriend Lucy on Parks and Recreation, came out as queer in July. In an essay on Amy Poehler’s Smart Girls website, the 32-year-old explained she has dated both women and men. “I don’t like labeling myself, or anyone else,” she wrote. “But if it’s easier for you to understand me, what I’m saying is that I’m queer. What queer means to me is just simply that I’m not straight. That’s all. It’s not scary, even though that word used to be really, really scary to me.”"
Keiynan Lonsdale,"Lonsdale, who plays Kid Flash on the CW’s The Flash, came out as bisexual in a heartfelt Instagram post back in May. “I like to change my hair, I like to take risks with how I dress, I like girls, & I like guys (yes),” wrote the 25-year-old Australian actor—who’s also appeared in ABC’s Dance Academy, The Divergent Series: Insurgent, and The Finest Hours. “I like growing, I like learning, I like who I am and I really like who I’m becoming.”  “I’m tire of being insecure, ashamed and scared,” he added. “No one should feel like that about themselves, especially when there is so much good life to live.” On Twitter, Lonsdale thanked his fans for their support. “Nothing better than happy tears,” he tweeted. “The love is beyond measurable, thank you. Don’t forget to give that same love back to yourselves.”"
Barry Manilow,"Manilow addressed his long-rumored sexuality in April, three years after quietly marrying longtime partner and manager Garry Kief. “I thought I would be disappointing [the fans] if they knew I was gay. So I never did anything,” the 73-year-old singer told People. “When they found out that Garry and I were together, they were so happy. The reaction was so beautiful. Strangers commenting, ’Great for you!’ I’m just so grateful for it.”    Steve Granitz/Getty Images   The couple first met in 1978, an encounter the “Copacabana” singer said changed his life forever. “I knew that this was it,” he said. “I was one of the lucky ones. I was pretty lonely before that.” The couple finally tied the knot after nearly 35 years in a private ceremony in April 2014 at the singer’s Palm Springs estate."
iLoveMakonnen,"This rising hip-hop star came out as gay in January in a series of tweets.  The “Club Goin Up On A Tuesday” singer seemed to be addressing a personal situation, writing, “Someone said to me next time they see me, they was gonna fuck me, I said next time I see me, I’m gonna love me up.” “I can’t tell u about everybody else’s closet, I can only tell u about mine, and it’s time I’ve come out,” he added in followup tweets. “Since y’all love breaking news, here’s some old news to break: I’m gay. And now I’ve told u about my life, maybe u can go life yours” The Atlanta rapper finished his coming-out social media blitz with an Instagram reading “Thank you for letting me be myself.”"
Taylor Bennett,"The brother of Chance the Rapper, Bennett came out as bisexual in January just days before iLoveMakonnen.  “My birthday is tomorrow and moving into next year I’d like to be more open about myself to help others that struggle with the same issues,” he wrote on Twitter. “Growing up I’ve always felt indifferent about my sexuality and being attracted to one sex. And today I would like to openly come out to my fans. I do recognize myself as a bisexual male and I do and have always openly supported the gay community and will keep doing so in 2017.”"
Steve Lacy,"The 19-year-old member of the Internet has produced tracks for Kendrick Lamar and Vampire Weekend, and launched his debut solo record, Steve Lacy’s Demo this year. Lacy opened up about his sexuality this summer in a series of Tumblr posts: Asked if he was straight or bisexual, he replied “I’m human.” In a followup asking if he’d date a guy, Lacy replied “Sure, why not.” But he sparked controversy when he revealed that he has no interest in black men as romantic partners. “The reason for it all isn’t anti-black at all,” he replied. “Growing up around black males, they were always my competitors ya know? I never viewed or saw myself doing anything sexual with my neighbors. I literally, like I said, see them as brothers.” Lacy clarified that he didn’t “dislike” black people, “I’m just not attracted to black boys, that is it.” On Twitter, he suggested, “let’s delete the whole closet concept and just let kids be themselves without having to announce what/who they’re into sexually.”"
"Tyler, the Creator","Though he’s been accused of homophobia throughout his career—2011’s Goblin had 213 instances of the word “fag” and other anti-gay slurs—Tyler has also dabbled with gay innuendo.  His album Flower Boy leaked two weeks before its official July 21 release, and the song “I Ain’t Got Time!” includes the lines, “Next line will have ’em like ‘Whoa’/I been kissing white boys since 2004.” Just a few weeks later he told Koopz Tunes, “I had a boyfriend when I was 15 in fucking Hawthorne. If that’s not open-minded, I don’t know what the fuck that is.” Tyler has insisted that his gay fans don’t take offense at his language, and he even put out a line of Pride T-shirts in 2015 as part of his crew Odd Future’s merchandise. When Frank Ocean came out publicly, Tyler was among the first to congratulate him.  “My big brother finally fucking did that,” he tweeted. “Proud of that n*gga cause I know that shit is difficult.”"
Gordon Thomson,"Though best known for the 1980s nighttime soap Dynasty, Thomson didn’t come out until September, opening up about his struggle with his sexuality to the Daily Beast.  “It was not until I was nearly 30 that [homosexuality] stopped being classified as a mental illness in the U.S. So you’re dealing with that. And the shame, the breathtaking lack of self-esteem, has only just begun to seep out of my soul.”"
Haaz Sleiman,"In August Sleiman (Nurse Jackie,  The Ski Trip) came out rather bluntly on social media. “I am a gay, Muslim, Arab-American man,” he said in a video. “And I’m going to take it even further: Not only am I gay, but I’m also a bottom. Not only am I a bottom, but I’m also a total bottom—which means I like it up you-know-where.” “And I say this to all the homophobes living in the United States of America and across the globe,” Sleiman, 41, continued. “If you ever come to me, to kill me just because I’m gay, I will destroy you. I might be gay and I might be a nice guy, but don’t get it twisted because I will fuck you up.”"
Gia Gunn,"The former Drag Race contestant came out as trans in March on International Transgender Day of Visibility.  “I thought I would dedicate today in the spirit of being visible to share my transition with all of you,” Gunn revealed in an Instagram video. “I have been on hormone replacement therapy for about a year and I identify as female and I am indeed transgender.” Gunn joins fellow transgender Drag Race contestants Sonique, Carmen Carrera, Jiggly Caliente and Peppermint."
Cody Alan,"The CMT host came out as gay in January, telling People, “once I realized it was okay to accept the truth, that it wasn’t my choice, it was a lot easier to start figuring out where to go with my life next.”  The 44-year-old South Carolinian hosts a variety of CMT radio shows, including CMT After MidNite and CMT All Access, as well as CMT’s signature music show, Hot 20 Countdown. Alan was previously married to a woman and has teenage children.  “It’s awesome now because I have a partner, my ex has a boyfriend,” he explained. “And with our kids, we have this really beautiful, blended, loving, modern family that works for us.”"
Robin Roberts,"Technically, the Good Morning America anchor came out at the very tail end of 2013. But her decision, after years of speculation and nearly a decade spent with her partner in the face of more than one terminal illness, was arguably the greatest coming-out of the year. For all athletes, women and especially women of color, Robin Roberts is a true champion."
Ellen Page,"Fans learned to love her as the sardonic, titular star of the movie Juno. But now the actress has grown up and came out in front of hundreds at an event called Time to THRIVE, which was held by the Human Rights Campaign. The now 27-year-old actress's touching, candid speech brought more than a few to tears."
Ty Herndon,"Country music star Herndon always knew he was gay, but remained in the closet for the sake of his career in a relatively conservative field. At age 52, that finally changed. ""I was 10, sitting in church and horrified that I might be a homosexual. Whatever that word meant, I knew that I probably was one,"" the singer told Rolling Stone. ""And I know there's a lot of those kids still out there. Telling my story is an opportunity to help just one of them."""
Tim Cook,"After years of speculation, and at least one accidental outing (most recently by a CNBC co-host), Tim Cook came out in an op-ed in Bloomberg Businessweek in October. While never officially in the closet, Cook felt it imperative to come out publicly as a token of goodwill and to offer support to queer youth. ""If hearing that the CEO of Apple is gay can help someone struggling to come to terms with who he or she is, or bring comfort to anyone who feels alone, or inspire people to insist on their equality, then it's worth the trade-off with my own privacy,"" he wrote in the piece."
Billy Gilman,"After achieving his first chart-topper at the age of 11, this country music star came out just last week at the age of 26. In a YouTube video, he explains why he waited until now to be open about his sexuality. ""It's difficult for me to make this video,"" he says, ""not because I'm ashamed of being a gay male artist, or a gay artist, or a gay person. But it's pretty silly to know that I'm ashamed of doing this ... because I'm in a genre, in an industry, that is ashamed of me for being me."""
Jin Tai,"Former lead singer of the band Misster, Jin Tai made headlines in late November when she became Taiwan's first ""out"" pop music star at age 32. The Gay Star News cites a China Times report that Tai ""wanted to honestly face her past and future, including her relationship status.'"""
Ian Thorpe,"In the years following his Olympic victories, Australia's greatest swimming champion apparently suffered for years from depression, as well as alcohol and drug abuse. The 31-year-old, five-time Olympic gold medalist came out in July after spending time in rehab. ""I've wanted to [come out] for some time, but I couldn't, I didn't feel as though I could. What happened was I felt the lie had become so big that I didn't want people to question my integrity,"" he revealed in an interview with Australia's Network Ten, as reported by the Guardian. "
Vicky Beeching,"Christian music star Vicky Beeching's coming out this past summer ignited heated debate about homosexuality and religion. ""Arguaby the most influential Christian of her generation,"" to quote Peter Oremerod at the Guardian, Beeching became a LGBT icon when she took on and decisively shut down the bigoted arguments of a Christian fundamentalist in the following BBC debate: "
Former Miss Spain Patricia Yurena Rodríguez,"Believed to be the first national beauty queen to be lesbian, Rodríguez won the Miss Spain pageant in 2008 and 2013. She came out this August, when she posted photos of herself with girlfriend, DJ Vanesa Cortes, on Instagram."
Sam Smith,"The 22-year-old British singer-songwriter took the U.S. charts by storm this year, but he truly won our hearts in May when he came out after speculation about the person-of-desire alluded to in his song, ""Leave Your Lover."" ""It's about a guy, and that's what I wanted people to know – I want to be clear that that's what it's about,"" Smith said in an interview with Rolling Stone. "
Raven-Symone,"Raven pulled a That's So Raven twist when she came out without actually coming out — or, at least refusing to appropriate identity labels. The now-viral interview with Oprah ended years of speculation about the former Disney star's love life. Still, there's certainly nothing wrong with living life without labels. "
Lauren Morelli,"Inspired perhaps by her writing — or at the very least being in close proximity with so many amazing queer influences  — on the set of Orange Is the New Black, writer Lauren Morelli officially ""came out"" in an op-ed piece here at Mic over the summer. Tabloids, not to mention the lesbian media, went bonkers when news broke that she had divorced her husband for none other than OITNB's Samira Wiley."
Kristian Nairn,"Kristian Nairn, who plays the almost completely mute character Hodor, came out in an interview with a Game of Thrones fansite in May. But the Irish actor maintains he's never technically been in the closet: ""I've never hidden my sexuality from anyone, my whole life in fact,"" he told the fansite Winter Is Coming, ""and I've been waiting for someone to ask about it in an interview, 'cause it's not something you just blurt out. I've tried to lead the questions a few times, to no avail!"""
Daniel Franzese,"The Mean Girls star's most famous role may have been as the uber-flamboyant high school student Damian, but Franzese only officially came out in 2014. In a touching letter written to his Mean Girls  character and shared on social media, the 26-year-old actor touched on his own fears about coming out in an industry often preoccupied with a set of very specific masculinity standards. Franzese remained in the closet for so long, he contends, because he ""was meeting a 'gay glass ceiling' in casting"" and didn't want to be denied more masculine roles. ""Guidos, gangsters and goombahs,"" he says, ""were [his] specialty."" "
Jay Kelly ,"R. Kelly's son, Jay, came out as trans this summer on Ask.fm. Later in June, R. Kelly appeared to intentionally misgender Jay. But Jay's mother, Drea, later refuted and corrected in an interview with VH1. ""Parents get it wrong when they don't support their children,"" she said. ""They have to go out and fight every day and face this world. The first battle should not be at home. I think that a lot of children in the LGBT community don't succeed because the one thing they need the most is foundation. I just tell Jay all the time, baby, you won the war. You're gonna have a lot of battles, but you won the war. Mama accepts and loves you for who you are."""
Tyler Glenn,"Neon Trees frontman Tyler Glenn made headlines for coming out this spring — not just for being gay, but for being a gay Mormon. In his coming-out interview with Rolling Stone, Glenn said he's ready to be a gay rock star: ""I've gotten tired of kind-of gay or straight people being pop culture's gay [spokespeople] – like Macklemore. It makes me wonder, 'Are we ready for an actual gay pop star and not just the safe straight guy saying it's OK?' I appreciate the fact that Michael Stipe was able to just be who he was, and it rarely overshadowed the music."""
Emily Rios,"One of the stars of FX drama The Bridge, Emily Rios, came out during a TCA FX interview this summer. As reported by AfterEllen, Rios, whose character, Emily, is also a lesbian on the show, said, ""I'm gay, personally, so being Mexican and a lesbian — this is why I love the character because I deal with the same type of things with my own family. Mexican-Americans especially — because this generation, we come into America and your family wants to be proud. You want to come to this country and say, 'This is what I have to show for it. I brought my family and we're living our better life.' For my family, my mom didn't want me to live a difficult life. She brought me here for a better one so she's like 'Your coming out ... I don't want this to be this. I want you to be comfortable.'"""
Former Miss Kentucky Djuan Trent,"Trent came out as queer in a personal blog post in March inspired, she told Sirius XM Progress, by the need to clear things up with her friends about her political beliefs. ""They were not for gay and lesbian marriages,"" she said, as quoted at the Huffington Post. ""And it just kind of fired me up a little bit. So I sat down at my computer and I just started typing away and that is what came."" It was also imperative, she said, for her to have come out as a queer women of color. ""People need to be able to see more people who look like them,"" she says."
Geena Rocero,"This spring, model Geena Rocero came out as transgender in one of the most epic ways possible: as part of a TED Talk (below). At the same time, Rocero used the platform to announce the creation of a global campaign, Gender Proud, which she hopes will raise awareness and support for trans issues and communities across the globe."
Andreja Pejic,"Celebrated model Andreja Pejic came out officially as a trans woman this summer, after undergoing sex reassignment surgery earlier in the year. Knowing that her modeling career was built on being a gender nonconforming model, Pejic weighed her transition for a number of years. ""I was proud of my gender nonconforming career, "" she told People. ""But my biggest dream was to be comfortable in my own body. I have to be true to myself and the career is just going to have to fit around that."""
Samira Wiley,"Out Magazine's ""Ingenue of the Year"" wowed many fans the moment she hit screens as part of the sensible cast for OITNB. Her character, Pousséy, is a lesbian on the show. Her struggle with the emotional impact of an unrequited love affair with her best friend Taystee is arguably one of the most compelling plot lines. In real life, Wiley is anything but struggling, due to her widely reported relationship with writer Lauren Morelli. "
Derrick Gordon ,"Following in the footsteps of the NBA's Jason Collins, Derrick Gordon became the first active Division I basketball player to come out in an interview with ESPN/Out Sports in April. ""I just didn't want to hide anymore, in any way,"" the UMass redshirt junior told the network. ""I didn't want to have to lie or sneak. I've been waiting and watching for the last few months, wondering when a Division I player would come out, and finally I just said, 'Why not me?'"""
Michael Sam,"Michael Sam made history by becoming the first gay athlete to be drafted into the NFL. Even though he was officially cut from the league by the Dallas Cowboys before the start of the 2014 season, Sam's decision to go public with his sexuality before the draft will make the next gay NFL prospect's life incredibly easier. The moment he was drafted was recorded on video, and the kisses he shared with his boyfriend sparked an important conversation on social media about the way the media far too often sensationalizes coverage of LGBT athletes."
M.K. Nobilette,"Although LGBT singers like Adam Lambert and Clay Aiken get a lot of credit for their high-powered American Idol turns, Nobilette is the first Top 10 American Idol finisher to be come out as openly LGBT during the competition. While some suggest her sexuality is the reason she didn't advance further, Nobilette says that revealing her sexuality was imperative to her authenticity. ""I feel like if I want America to get to know me and who I am, they should know my sexuality,"" she told the Hollywood Reporter."
Matt Llano,"Professional distance runner Matt Llano came out this fall in a YouTube video, ""An Open Look,"" sponsored by the Northern Arizona Elite running club. After receiving waves of support, Llano told Out Sports that coming out was one of the greatest decisions of his life. ""It's not all that common for athletes to have an opportunity to transcend their sport and to touch people's lives for the better,"" he said. ""So knowing that I've been able to do that truly gives meaning and purpose to my running and is something for which I'll be eternally grateful."" "
Neil Patrick Harris,“ Gay ”
Sarah Paulson,“ Bisexual ”
Wanda Sykes,“ Lesbian ”
David Burtka,“ Gay ”
Wentworth Miller,“ Gay ”
Alan Cumming,“ Bisexual ”
Cherry Jones,“ Lesbian ”
Jane Lynch,“ Lesbian ”
Zachary Quinto,“ Gay ”
Ellen Page,“ Lesbian ”
Chris Colfer,“ Gay ”
Lady Gaga,“ Bisexual ”
Megan Fox,“ Bisexual ”
Amber Heard,“ Bisexual ”
Angelina Jolie,“ Bisexual ”
Ian McKellen,“ Gay ”
Matt Bomer,“ Gay ”
Meredith Baxter,“ Lesbian ”
Ellen DeGeneres,“ Lesbian ”
Fiona Shaw,“ Lesbian ”
Portia de Rossi,“ Lesbian ”
Jodie Foster,“ Lesbian ”
Cynthia Nixon,“ Bisexual ”
Queen Latifah,“ Lesbian ”
Rosie O'Donnell,“ Lesbian ”
Sara Gilbert,“ Lesbian ”
Ricky Martin,“ Gay ”
Jim Parsons,“ Gay ”
Elton John,“ Gay ”
Tom Ford,“ Gay ”
Heather Matarazzo,“ Lesbian ”
Carrie Brownstein,“ Bisexual ”
Michelle Rodriguez,“ Bisexual ”
Anna Paquin,“ Bisexual ”
Fergie,“ Bisexual ”
Clive Davis,“ Bisexual ”
Jillian Michaels,“ Bisexual ”
Michael Stipe,“ Gay ”
Anderson Cooper,“ Gay ”
Tracy Chapman,“ Lesbian ”
Alice Walker,“ Lesbian ”
Victor Garber,“ Gay ”
Melissa Etheridge,“ Lesbian ”
Matt Dallas,“ Gay ”
Ezra Miller,“ Bisexual ”
Raven-Symoné,“ Bisexual ”
Bob Harper,“ Gay ”
Maria Bello,“ Lesbian ”
Chely Wright,“ Lesbian ”
Kristian Nairn,“ Gay ”
Guillermo Díaz,“ Gay ”
Jonathan Groff,“ Gay ”
Lily Tomlin,“ Lesbian ”
Jonathan Bennett,“ Gay ”
Nathan Lane,“ Gay ”
George Takei,“ Gay ”
Tom Lenk,“ Gay ”
Jesse Tyler Ferguson,“ Gay ”
Chad Allen,“ Gay ”
Luke Macfarlane,“ Gay ”
Denis O'Hare,“ Gay ”
Ryan Murphy,“ Gay ”
Drew Barrymore,“ Bisexual ”
Andrew Rannells,“ Gay ”
Gillian Anderson,“ Bisexual ”
Sam Smith,“ Gay ”
Frank Ocean,“ Gay ”
David Hyde Pierce,“ Gay ”
Maulik Pancholy,“ Gay ”
Robin Roberts,“ Lesbian ”
RuPaul,“ Gay ”
Jenna Wolfe,“ Lesbian ”
Jim Nabors,“ Gay ”
Sean Maher,“ Gay ”
Sean Hayes,“ Gay ”
Adam Lambert,“ Gay ”
Clay Aiken,“ Gay ”
Rupert Everett,“ Gay ”
k.d. lang,“ Lesbian ”
Rock Hudson,“ Gay ”
Anne Heche,“ Bisexual ”
Jussie Smollett,“ Gay ”
Patricia Velasquez,“ Lesbian ”
Joel Grey,“ Gay ”
Lucas Cruikshank,“ Gay ”
Cheyenne Jackson,“ Gay ”
David Furnish,“ Gay ”
T.R. Knight,“ Gay ”
Jake Zyrus,“ Lesbian ”
George Michael,“ Gay ”
Jake Shears,“ Gay ”
Linda Perry,“ Lesbian ”
Rob Halford,“ Gay ”
Freddie Mercury,“ Gay ”
David Bowie,“ Bisexual ”
Mika,“ Gay ”
Frankie Grande,“ Gay ”
Lance Bass,“ Gay ”
Billie Joe Armstrong,“ Bisexual ”
Amy Winehouse,“ Bisexual ”
